$Id: README,v 1.1 2000/01/06 21:26:44 ahn Exp $

README for TedTurner 1.3

This is the Paradise/TedTurner client.  It is a full color version of
the older Paradise 2.x clients.  This client is required to play on
Paradise servers, but it can also be used to play on other Netrek
servers such as Bronco, Hockey, Chaos and INL.

For more information on Paradise, visit http://paradise.netrek.org/.
For more information on Netrek, visit http://www.netrek.org/.

This client is distributed in two forms: binary and source.  To
prevent clever players from modifying the source to cheat on the
public servers, a Netrek client uses RSA public key cryptography to
allow only special RSA-enabled ("blessed") clients to connect to and
play on RSA-enabled servers.  Some servers are RSA-disabled, so either
blessed or unblessed clients are allowed.

If you are interested in playing Paradise or Netrek, you need to
download the binary for your platform.  You do not need to download
the source code and compile it.

TedTurner RSA-enabled binaries and source code are available from

	ftp://ftp.netrek.org/pub/netrek/clients/tedturner/
	ftp://ftp.netrek.org/pub/netrek/paradise/

The binaries are generally named in the following way:

	TedTurner-"version"."vendor_name"-"OS_name"-"OS-version"

For example, TedTurner 1.2 for an SGI IRIX 6.2 workstation and
TedTurner 1.3 for an Intel Win32 (Windows 3.11 + Win32, Win95, Win98,
WinNT) would be:

	TedTurner-1.2.sgi-IRIX-6.2
	TedTurner-1.3.intel-Win32

If a binary for your platform does not exist and you are interested in
helping with the port (i.e. you can port it yourself or can provide
remote access to the machine), please contact the TedTurner client
maintainer(s) and/or the paradise work group.

If you find bugs or problems, please report them back to the
maintainer.  Suggestions and comments are also welcome.

Maintainer:		Dave Ahn <ahn@netrek.org>
Paradise Work Group:	paradise-workers@goof.com

Special thanks to the following people who have helped with client
building, porting, debugging, etc.:

Mike Roda <mroda@ipass.net>		Intel/Linux
Nick Slager <slagerni@cse.msu.edu>
